So the first thing I did to get started on my soundscape was I got together the sounds I wanted to use in the first 20-30 seconds of the project. These were sounds like crowds cheering, ominous music, and coughing. In the preview that I have thus far, I haven’t used any of the sounds I created since the football game audio I had was significantly too short for the amount of time I needed cheering. Instead, all sounds used so far are from FreeSound.org. Starting off I added my crowd cheering sound along with some marching band music. With these two sounds, I felt like I had pretty accurately captured a sporting event with a large crowd. I then have the band disappear and replace it will ominous music that I have slowly fade in. Along with this fade-in, I also included the sound of a creepy horn and the sound of a man coughing more and more violently. When I felt the clips were at a decent enough intensity and also that they were long enough to tell this part of my soundscapes story I cut off all of the sounds at the same time. Currently, I also have a news report acting as a place holder for other news reports I want to add in. Potentially overlapping/talking over one another and getting progressively more intense in both volume and content of the reports. Similar to my original proposal I’d also like to include some audio from my coronavirus test if I can adequately reduce the background noise. But if not I may also look for a similar video like the one they played at the testing location or maybe attempt to reproduce one. In terms of sounds I’ve recorded, I have plenty of good audio of nighttime sounds around campus. 
