For my first full draft of my soundscape, the first major change I wanted to make was to refine the football game portion of the project. To do this I started by adding the song America the Beautiful in the background of some of the game. I really only let this sound come through during the ear ringing that I added at the end of the football game section but I felt like it helped to make that moment more intense and interesting. I also let it overlap onto some of the news reports I added following the football game. I thought that playing that song in particular over the news reports (especially those of Trump downplaying the virus in America) functioned as a form of political commentary on how the United States handled the virus. I coupled Trump’s commentary with some other news reports that commented on the virus both in America and in other countries. I ended the news reports section with a clip of Trump claiming the virus will only last till April. I followed this with the sound of a clock ticking (to indicate the passage of time) and then moved to a report from the summer questioning whether colleges could return in the fall. I tried to create a sense of irony here as this report makes it clear that the virus has continued well into the fall (long past April). I then moved onto the scene of an upbeat college party. I added guitar music as well as talking and a very subtle coughing noise in the background. In the middle of this section, I also added a news report on how college parties have been amplifying the spread of the virus. I did this to try to clarify that in the party section of the audio I was attempting to display the dangers of having large gatherings due to the virus. The closing portion of the audio takes clips from a corona memorial news report coupled with somber music. I intend to work on this ending more since currently, I feel it is too abrupt and doesn’t have the hopeful tone I planned for my ending initially. 
